{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25020\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A YouTube video downloader in Objective-c for downloading multiple YT videos on iOS. \
Currently, it supports the following features:\
1.the app can instantly begin downloading the video from YouTube\
2. It can add selected videos in the download queue. \
3.It can navigate bad and forth on youtube site\
4. Pause or restart all the videos in the download queue\
5.Pause and/or restart the download for selective videos being downloaded\
6.View the status of download for videos placed in the download queue.\
7.Post download, play the videos.\
8.Delete the video from the download queue while it's being downloaded or placed in the download queue.\
9.Delete the downloaded videos\
10.Restore the last view state of the youtube page whenever you start your application.\
11.View the downloaded list of videos as well as log files on http://<Device IP>:12345 on your desktop browser when your desktop and device are in the same/public network.\
12.Download videos from your device on your desktop.\
13.Voice/Video call over WiFi/Bluetooth with other friends who have this application\
14. Live video stream from one device to another iPhone/iPad device over WiFi or Bluetooth!\
15.Live annotations and live camera/screen share from one iPhone device to another iPhone device while in video call\
16.Live video stream over WiFi hotspot\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Following things remain tobe done:\
\
//TODO:  \
1.	Create an adhoc network using gamekit over bluetooth 	\
2.	Create a downloadable zip on request from browser.  See the not yet added Objective-Zip filer within components\
3.	Upload the zip file or the .attrib file to have export/import feature.  \
5.	App settings.  \
6.	YouTube sections like YouTube App.  \
8.	Share video download link over email.   \
}